Now that we have created our stack,
let's actually add the stack to our app.py file.
So, as usual,
I'm going to change the imports and I'm going to import our networking stack,
which we just created.
So I'm going to have an import for network_stack,
and I'm importing again the network_stack class.
Secondly, I need to declare a network_stack class in the application,
So I'm going to again copy the EcsStack,
and I'm going to replace this EcsStack with our network_stack class.
I'm going to rename it as well as a NetworkStack.
Now,
the interesting thing about the CDK is we can actually link
stacks together by linking the classes directly.
So what I can do is I can actually save this
NetworkStack in a variable called NETWORK.
And I can actually pass as an argument to the
EcsStack, the vpc created by the network.
All I need to do is add vpc to the constructor of the ecs class.
Afterwards, for the cluster,
I can actually specify that I want this Globomantics cluster
to be in the vpc that we just created.
So this is how you would create a custom network for your resources.
You can create your network stack separately from your other instance,
container, or even serverless stacks.
Now you see, if I run cdk ls,
I now have three stacks that I can provision: a LambdaStack,
a NetworkStack, and an EcsStack.
To show you one of the quirks of the CDK,
let me actually move this terminal to a bigger
screen so that you see what happens.
And what I'm going to do is I'm not going to deploy the NetworkStack.
I'm actually going to deploy the EcsStack.
And let me show you what happens when I try and deploy the EcsStack.
Notice that the first thing it actually does is it creates the NetworkS.
So it creates all of the resources from the NetworkStack.
Take note though, that unlike the previous examples in the previous modules,
this did not ask for confirmation.
It just started creating the NetworkStack,
even if I didn't give it a confirmation.
That is the current behavior of the CDK at this time.
It will deploy stacks that your other stacks depend on, without confirmation.
Now as you can see here, when the NetworkStack finishes provisioning,
then it asks permission to deploy the EcsStack.
At this point, I can actually say no; however, it will not roll back.
It will not delete the NetworkStack that was just created.
If we actually go to CloudFormation,
you can actually see that the NetworkStack is here.
You can see all of the VPCs.
You can see all of the subnets created by this CDK app.
So be careful when you set up dependencies across your stacks.
Remember that the CDK will create the other stacks that your
target depends on without confirmation.
Also notice that when we clean up and we call cdk destroy NetworkStack,
it will also destroy dependent stacks.
In this case,
you'll notice that it specifies that you will destroy depending stacks,
particularly the EcsStack.
The destruction of the EcsStack is very fast, because we
actually never provisioned it. However, it will continue on and destroy all of your networking resources.